The Joe Rogan experience. Man. I was just in Italy. Like the,
like when you see like these little small family businesses,
small family restaurants, like people that work there, you know, like, like the,
the father's the owner and the daughters, the manager,
the mom works in the kitchens like, wow, this is crazy.
But they still do the businesses. That was always a thing. Right.
You remember like family businesses on the east coast now it's like so rare that
people, they wear it like a badge of honor. Look, it's a family business.
Like all businesses is to be family businesses.
No. Yeah. Everything went corporate though. Yeah.
Man. There's certain places where that's not the case though.
Like you gotta really appreciate there's one of the things you appreciate about
going to Italy. Mm-hmm <affirmative>,
there's just like a bunch of little places. I mean, they have nice doors.
Like if you're in like Gucci and stuff like that, they have nice doors. Yeah.
But the restaurants and all the places where you buy things, they're not like,
they're like people's shops.
Right. They're not boutiques. There's just like, yeah, I go to,
I go to Craig's or I go to, yeah, Tiffany's not target.
Or Walgreens or, you know, or Sears. It's no,
not there's no corporate to, to it.
It's just families.
It's weird. That keeps the money in the household too. Yeah.
You know what I mean? It makes it real familiaral it actually works out. See?
Which is that makes sense. And that's also why I say like,
I'm not real big into the reparations talk for black people. I mean,
I don't really know the ins and outs of it. People keep saying like, we need it.
Get if a Twitter hate, I'm saying this, I'm saying, how about we knew? Why,
how about we incentivize parenting?
Mm. But can you do that? Let's keep.
If, if you're watching your kids, instead of like, they're just out there.
Cause I mean, like let's say is, isations talk about, I don't know,
infrastructure in black communities and if that's the case,
well then let's incentivize keeping the parents at keeping the parents together.
Or if they're split up, it's just like,
if you guys are teaching your kid and he,
and he's in school every day or he survives, you know,
eight years of the school shooting, every family gets like, you know,
a big bonus, you know, or if, if he makes the honor roll, you know,
like you guys get this, it's like,
you'd really be investing in your investments. It's like it take,
they say it takes 18 years to make it back on your investment. If your child,
if you're, if you're incentive, advising 'em to go to school and for education,
it's gonna make better people in a better society.
That seems good on paper. No, if you're saying incentivize,
like how would you incentivize 'em right. I'm saying like, it's always good.
It's a good, it's always good to encourage people to be successful. So.
Your kid test well on some of these like aptitude tests, right? Right.
Then you get a stipend or something like that. I mean, it's like,
what do these we' talking about? Exactly. Exactly.
I don't really know the ins and outs of it,
but if it's about infrastructure of black communities, I'm so into it.
But it's also, let's incentivize keep, you know, being in the child's life.
Because for a lot of the, for a lot of the reason these kids are like, they're,
they're depressed and they feel like they have a chip on their shoulder because
nobody's home watching them. And they go to these gangs that they go to,
you know, these other things, right. Is because they're just not being watched.
Right.
I think the idea behind reparations is that some people at one point in time
were profiting off of slavery.
Those people have used that money and that money has become a part of really
large businesses. Many, many large businesses. Oh,
we talking about second from businesses. Well,
that's where reparations would have to come from in my mind.
Oh yeah. But yeah. Yeah. General electric, yeah. Give me $1,500.
That's one that I think directly should be like, you have to wonder,
like if you made, like, what if you used to sell babies? <laugh> right.
You had a baby selling in business, you sold babies. Right? Right. And then,
uh, your, your grandson inherited all your money from selling babies.
Okay. But the grandson's cool. I mean, he just, uh,
he goes golfing and he is not criminal. Right. It's fine. It's fine.
But is it fine because didn't his money come from baby selling. Right.
Where's it where, wait a minute. Let's chase this money.
Like here's it started out. It was just much money.
And then your dad got that and then his dad got that. Yeah.
And then like how many generations? Okay. So.
You're saying that families who are known money, plantation owners money. Yes.
Should have to pay that money back to the black community. Where did it go?
Where'd the money go? What was he used for? No, you're right.
I'm saying it's only a hundred years ago. It's 1865. Okay.
It's not that long ago. It's so recent'm.
Giving to anybody that that's on the census that says they're black, right?
To what, like an 8%, if I'm 8% black, I'm gonna get how much of this, you know,
uh, the Jones plantation, you know, fortune.
I'm not saying that I'm saying that what the, the smart thing to do would to be,
to figure out what damage was like,
if they really objectively looked at what damage was done to communities where
slavery existed for, I mean,
how many hundreds of years in this country before it was.
400.
Years. Hundreds of years. Right.
And then it ends mm-hmm <affirmative> and then these people live in these cities
and they're discriminated against and they're locked up. Yeah. They would,
they would sort of one thing that I learned about who,
who was telling us about this, that they,
they would disproportionately arrest men for all. Oh,
the reconstruction era is to get them.
The worst air for black people in America.
It's not so much slavery as it is the reconstruction era,
because then people are just mad that black people are here. Yeah.
Well,
they were also arresting them for like small crimes and making them work in
prison. Right. Kidnapping.
People. Yeah. Making indigenous servants and.
You become, it's just another form of slavery.
It's like through this weird loophole, like you can make you a slave again.
Yeah. We just arrest you for hanging out in the street. Yeah.
And then we put you in this factory and you have to do this for us and we make
nothing. <laugh> and it's basically the same thing as slavery.
When you find out what they make in prison, when you go wait a minute, they,
they work for like 13 cents a day or whatever the they get. Right. Like what?
That they figure out how to yeah. They they're modernizing slavery. Yeah.
Because somehow or another that's okay. Because we got 'em locked in a box,
like they're supposed to be punished. Right.
They're supposed to be rehabilitated and taken it off the street,
but we're gonna make 'em work for no money. I.
Know white. Man's supposed, why don't we like black guys?
We gotta start making white guys work for us.
<laugh> why don't we do the same thing. We're just as smart.
Well, those,
all the areas that were affected by that in the fifties and the sixties,
there's a residual effect that has never been addressed.
Like the government has never said,
we've gotta figure out how to make these spots better.
Because the reason why they're so up is cuz slavery was there. Okay.
And then the subsequent, you know,
the race riots of the sixties mm-hmm <affirmative> and the,
this quest to, to, uh,
figure out what to do with those sort of stop short. There's not like a,
like, like Baltimore and places like that. Like Detroit,
south side of Chicago would just murder every year would just accept high. Yeah.
West side of Chicago, high numbers, high numbers of murder, right? Yeah.
Is west side of Chicago. Is that where it all goes down or? I mean,
south side of west.
Side. They're they're just really poor areas, but it's also like,
how are these guys getting guns? Yeah.
Well, if you can drive around, you can get a gun, then that's another.
Yeah. <laugh> I just don't know, like you have money for guns,
but you don't have money to like, I don't know, you know, get a backpack and go.
To school. Well, also, if you see that around you all the time,
the problem is you become a part of that world.
If everyone's got a gun everybody's shooting at everybody and you don't. Yeah,
no.
You better get one. You.
Better get a gun. Yeah. You're gonna try to shoot at you. You gotta shoot back.
Like what? Yeah.
Like the' shooting, like yeah, yeah, yeah. You live in a war zone, bro.
Go get a gun. That's what it.
Is. It's an, it just like,
it's not a war zone in terms of like it's official REI.
Uh declarationation by the government, but it's a war zone.
These are declared wars.
Yeah. No people are shooting at each other. That's a, yeah.
They're waring each other. Habi and McCoy is a it's it's a war.
It's a civil war.
Yeah. This is it's like waring tribes. Yeah.
Like if we have that in Siberia right now, I bet. Yeah. Bet.
There' Siberian gang fights. Yeah. But.
That's also, it's everywhere. That's depression and that's,
that's another thing classism does. It's like,
they're telling you to kill yourself.
You're just poor and you don't know what to do. And it's like,
but that's not true. I mean, I'm a black guy like you guys. And I got,
I got family members who are, you know, in gangs like that.
And it sucks down there. They're, they're so depressed because they,
what they say, they don't know how to get out of it. Yeah. And.
They don't see any pathway and they don't see anybody who's gotten out of it.
So they feel like they're stuck. This is all,
lot of kids that grow up in bad situations. They feel inferior. Exactly.
And yeah,
they feel inferior because of the clothes they wear or how much money their
family has or the, but then how do you empower.
Those kids.
Through? Uh, I think through activities, I think, um,
getting those kids involved in things that they can get good at that show,
they have value. And that with hard work comes rewards. I mean,
some of the greatest success stories in this country are professional athletes
coming out of impoverished neighborhoods. Yeah.
And they become these global superstars.
Right. But then they stay in there for,
but then they stay in their kids' lives though. Don't they?
Some of them do it. Sure. Yeah. I mean there's but it's like, you can't,
you can't fix all that's taken place, right? No,
you have to sort of figure out how to,
how to improve the way people look at life,
the way people interface with life. It's very hard if you're trying to do that,
but all around you is violence and crime and fear 100 and your all levels are
all jacked up cuz you're in the hood and that that's not been addressed like
a serious health problem in this country.
That's like even an infrastructure problem.
We just sort of accept the fact it is an infrastructure problem.
So if we're gonna put money back, if we're gonna repre,
if we're gonna repair these black communities, put money in the infrastructure,
butll also, you've gotta incentivize incentivize parents to be there. Right.
I think it's a good idea. I like what you're saying. Yeah.
Because you're not punishing them. No, you're just incentivizing. No,
I'm not saying.
Like we shouldn't get money, you know, just for being black,
I'm saying we gotta keep the parents there because that's what, that,
that Bill's a strong community. It really does. You know, I don't.
Know a whole lot about Kamala Harris, but uh, I, I do know, um, you know,
she's a very powerful wellspoken lady,
but she was talking once about this thing that they did,
where they had these parents, um,
be responsible for their kids truancy. And so they could go to jail.
Like the idea was, make sure this is correct. Make sure this is correct,
Jamie. Cuz I think the thing, what they were saying was they were,
they were gonna,
they would have cops go to visit when a kid had been truent okay.
And they would sort of threaten the mother that she's responsible for the
child's truancy. The mother is not the father. Well, whoever was there,
single mother in this case of this one, one case they were talking about
and that this lady had to figure out a way to get her son to show up at school.
Hey I'm I'm I could go to jail, you know? And did, did it work?
I'm sure it worked right. I'm sure everyone was probably terrified.
But is that really what we want in America?
We want people to be scared that you might go to jail if you,
it doesn't go to school. So if the kid doesn't go to school,
you're gonna lock someone in a cage that is so threatening. Yeah.
Cause's it'.
Home school. You know what I mean? I mean just cuz he's enrolled.
It's almost like, you know, maybe I took it the sick day.
Yeah. But if you wanna do homeschooling thing,
I think you have to fill out paperwork, you apply for it.
You have to let them know that you withdrawing your kids in the school says.
I think right. But how many truencies is this? This his first one.
I don't know how it's.
Your first time offend him. I don't care if it was a hundred. Yeah.
If someone's saying they're gonna lock you in jail.
Cause your kid doesn't go to school. That's bananas. That's bananas.
Like you he's 16 or whatever the he is. Yeah. Like when, when you were 16,
you were like, I was a latchkey kid. I was 14. I was out and gone.
We lived in different.
Time though, Joe. I know, but you know, we had two, you know, race is race,
you know, <laugh>, it's.
Different for us. It's that's the only thing that bothers me.
That's that just drives me crazy. The, the,
the idea of like the way you fix things is by scaring people and locking them
up. That's how religion the GOLOG start, man. Yeah. That's that's really,
that's how, that's how the Soviet union becomes this
empire of authoritarian re what's up. The.
The jail sentences of some parents and multiple counties were in quotes.
What she said an unintended consequence of a statewide law.
But I'm looking further into this in, uh,
this says this is from Los Angeles times.
Well, it was that speech actually that she gave where she explained how she,
she did it and how, how it was effective.
She was hard on people being truent I think your idea, what my point was,
I think that your idea is better cuz instead of punishing people for not doing
it incentivizes 'em for doing it. And if you could set aside,
imagine that as a project, right.
You were saying that like it takes 18 years to see right.
If we could fund an 18 year project where they were doing that and just
incentivizing kids to succeed and all of a sudden they just started succeeding
like crazy. Yeah.
Like what if we had a big jump because it was like financially VI,
like you're competing for what's a great idea. Yeah.